vera                            Vera.ttf
vera-bold                       VeraBd.ttf
vera-italic                     VeraIt.ttf
vera-bold-italic                VeraBI.ttf
#these names are retained for backward-compatibility only
fritqat                         Vera.ttf
fritqat-bold                    VeraBd.ttf
fritqat-italic                  VeraIt.ttf
fritqat-bold-italic             VeraBI.ttf
arial                           arial.ttf
arialbd                         arialbd.ttf
verdana                         VERDANA.ttf
gothic                          GOTHIC.ttf
frabk                           frabk.ttf
impact                          impact.ttf
webdings                        WEBDINGS.TTF
profont				profont.ttf
silkscreen			slkscre.ttf
osb 				OldSansBlack.ttf
consolas        Consolas.ttf
consolas-bold   ConsolasBd.ttf
consolas-bold-italic    ConsolasBI.ttf
consolas-italic ConsolasIt.ttf